wasted holy moly it's hot light League
episode 43 I'm rushing in this
introduction because if not Kobe or mark
are gonna say something it's been a
painful painful road to get this show
going which means it's gonna pay off so
well as we're talking about so many
different things on tonight's show it's
a little bit of an abridged version cuz
it's Labor Day weekend Labor Day Monday
here in the States but that doesn't mean
that it's gonna be any less spicy than
it normally is I'm so excited
hot line League episode 43 starts right
now hot line League is brought to you by
omen by HP well here we are on Highline
League starting a little later than
normal just a little bit of joined by
mark as airman my constant co-host how
are you doing mark this is the Late Late
hotline League mark what how is your
week been great yeah you see well it
seemed a little on edge way so slow I've
been enjoying World of Warcraft and I've
been enjoying a show called terrace
house opening new doors on Netflix been
watching a lot of that with the
girlfriend it's great show actually
heard of terrace house it's like MTV
real world right it's like I'm Reena
world but with the added like kind of
like YouTube reacts so like they'll be
the real world part of the show and then
like when they finish a segment it'll
pull out to like a larger group of
people who are all like comedians and
actors and like actually kind of famous
people watching the show and then
they'll discuss it and they're all
really funny so like they'll be like oh
my god that guy is so dumb like how can
you think that girl was into him and
we're also joined tonight finally
after many weeks of anticipation by riot
Kobe himself
Sam Hartman Kinsler how's it going Kobe
I don't get here that's going Kobe no
comment mark doesn't care no no but I
mean how have you been it's been a while
since we've done some content together
yeah super long time since I've seen you
it was like maybe 15 minutes ago that we
were in a
together driving back from a tail party
I think it was a lot look 15 months ago
that we were doing that but yeah so I
put I said I'm gonna wear the t-shirt on
this dream but then I did it yeah do you
want to go change
I needed to shot them out this is a
night of broken promises you want to go
change into the shirt no can we so okay
I mean we could have done it during a
break or something it's it's a super
cool shirt though they did custom-made
shirts for everyone there yeah we were
all at the a holiday party that @ao put
on in the hill so apologies it's I I
take full ownership for the delay in the
show it's all my fault things are we
going well with me
damn straight as well excited to be here
and let's get going mark what was this
weekend like for you you got to you and
you and copii both you guys got to
handle the c9 TSM day which i think
might be the most hype series that we've
had an na this year yeah losing the
clutches up there in terms of series
that we've had this year but the TSM c9
one was cooler because you know it was
actually back and forth if I like either
team could win whereas like the clutch
TSM one was more hyped just because the
fact yes I'm lost and the narrative part
of it so yeah that was that was a
dope-ass series and hopefully we get
some callers that yeah the golden golden
glue storyline is pretty cool I've seen
a lot of people who are literally saying
that like they're their team liquid or
double of fans and they're rooting for
cloud nine to win just because of the
story no I think the reason cloud
everyone's rooting for cloud nine twin
is because of cloud nine wins they Auto
go and then TL will go on points and
then hundred thieves have to prove
themselves in the collet because right
now no one wants hundred these to go
I mean who who doesn't like the golden
glue story of he's been working his ass
off for five years getting flamed
everyone saying he can only perform in
scrims
I perform on the stage that he comes in
starts smashing you know the team goes
from second place to or from tenth place
the second place and mark what's under
the blanket yeah you got a interesting
situation going on over here it's a bit
distracting you mean my cat sitting on
my lap is this job yeah you have like
okay anyways go to glue straight to the
top
who doesn't like that story because of
older players literally every player
that I talked to I said they're more
scared of cloud nine with golden glue
and Sven scarin than Jensen and blabber
well yes when they're actually screaming
these guys are like okay
when's the real cloud nine coming on
with golden glue wait are you just
repeating the story I told you in the
car on the way to the party that is
literally my story I said that I talk to
people a little bit squirming them so
yeah you know what someone told me that
story before Travis told it to me so I
was calling contracts on any see us
tonight
Koch axis beast I love contracts yes by
the way congrats to you and congrats to
you and freak on winning the anime game
over awfully and contracts so mark lost
the predictions because he did not
predict me cuz he's and I couldn't look
Jack doctor just to decide which
door he picked and of course they
literally most simple mind game
ever switched the door from rehearsal to
the live show from one to two or they're
just with me and they're gonna
give Kobe the jet anyways he ain't joy
well no matter what oh it was a good
weekend for Kobe though yeah yeah thank
you
timeline honestly though yeah car tracks
on the show is super fun and for your
comment Travis about me
and freak beating awfully and the NMA
you know our contests or whatever it was
actually freaked out every answer right
I didn't have to do anything yeah yeah
we're on a team so by default me and
freedom but freak is the one who
actually answered all the enemy
questions and he hasn't even you know
watched an anime since Dragon Ball Z so
yeah it was a little little something
felt rigged about that I don't know I'm
fixing your dinner well so yeah it was
so good it actually didn't even need to
be rigged yeah well the other story this
weekend is the 100th Eve situation that
occurred with Cody something subbed out
hey he posted a twit longer your
favorite form of social media tree yes
twit longers ahoy it's the best way for
ya it was also the whole truth and at no
point was any details fair I mean I
actually think that's I think yes I do
think that details report I mean he
literally just said it was the coaching
staff decision yeah though the rumor
right the rumor that's going around is
that there's some conflict between him
and prolly I am and that this was an end
result of that I mean a coaching staff
decision he's not lying right that falls
within the scope yeah yeah a people
story right there you I mean do you have
a have you heard anything else mark
you're the you've been the main source
of stuff recently well there was that
whole little thing that happened around
like week six week seven where Cody sent
randomly played in Academy so maybe this
was a longer time coming that people
think hmm well regardless it just feel
like a strange strategy to put in an
Academy player into semifinals against
doublelift I don't I don't
certainly not a winning strategy based
off of what happened I don't think
anyways which is why no one wants to
introduce to go to Worlds what yeah it's
weird that they have become I get that
it's unpopular to move me yes out and
this Cody something isn't but it's like
people are actively rooting against them
now that's like the narrative like if
you what you're telling me where people
are like rooting for cloud nine because
they hope it makes it harder for one
thieves like that is a pretty strong
anti fan sentiment that you've got going
on there also that's kind of crazy
considering like this was the new
organization that had the biggest
explosion into the scene the biggest fan
growth like a hundred thieves out of all
the the new orcs from franchising seemed
like they did it the best they had the
most following you know they had
aphromoo and media so they're killing it
with some legacy fans being brought over
and then they have Nate Shaw and this
you know all their design choices seem
to get a lot of people hype but yeah
kind of went out the window there and
half a split I still think they're the
most popular new team I mean whether or
not that's echo Fox to them is up for
debate a little bit but I think just how
people are expecting them to perform at
Worlds is really what's tapering a lot
of the excitement so you think it's I
thought it's because people feel like
they like the biggest issue that I have
seen with them it's not that they make
the unpopular decision around meteos
it's not that they make them popular
decision around Cody Sun it's that they
seem to have like a communication issue
with the audience like they don't
communicate these things while they just
tweet out like well we've we've sent
Cody son off to sub out today he's gonna
be he's gonna maybe we don't know here
welcome to the new ad carry met up with
hunter thieves and he'll voice is that
and that's the hunt that's the the
tweeter yeah yeah that's hundred thieves
Twitter account and and then you like
and then you explain nothing else which
is weird because they've got like
they've got nature who could come out
and have like a great video about it
whatever it's just very interesting I
just don't understand what's going on I
don't know why they don't they don't
message this stuff better but I think if
they were like an exciting team Oly Oly
and twitch s's Cody could have played
better I believe I assume he means Cody
could have done better in the the series
I mean I think it's a lot of people
assume that so
right I think I think Cody's better than
you know all right yeah I'm sure I mean
certainly yeah it was interesting when
we got the info that the switch was
happening and there was no comment from
the organization at all and we couldn't
get any info from any other coaches or
you know any reasoning why and so we
just had to like come up with stuff for
you know hypothesize for like the intro
and we're like well let me ask Cody son
usually does bad against doublelift
so they're changing yeah it's just as
weird nothing up there like every what
does bad against doublelift and ol a
shout out to all a in the chat it's good
good say carrying SS ass lame face I
know it's you la yeah so Kobe you're
decently well-connected in the scene you
hear rumors and gossip and and things
like that right yeah so obviously I
understand maybe the amp or like the the
broadcast is not the right place to
surface some of those right I don't
think
Ocoee things are gonna watch this is the
place either if your time well I don't
you don't think that a random talk show
on a Monday night after the series is
decide is the right place to talk about
some of the gossip that potentially
going on around the Cody son I like
where you're going by Fred especially
with you your evil cat petting mr. me
like has quite the ego oh that's what I
have heard and yeah I think there's some
evidence that if you listen the
interviews and kind of read between the
lines between afro is said about Cody
son having strong opinions and him being
like oh but I've played with players
with strong themes before and all those
anything using us suddenly he's he's
suddenly not playing and the most
important series arguably that 100 these
has played so far
well dr. mark I will let you in on
another
have secret okay I have heard from
another player that you have not
mentioned yet that Cody son does in fact
have a very strong opinion on how the
game should be played even if other
people have a different opinion on how
the game should be played and that may
or may not make things difficult and
working with this individual mm-hmm
interesting
I wonder how all these different sources
have a similar opinion Cody Cody Cody
son confirmed the new doc where there is
smoke there is fire hmm curious well
it's a lot I will say it's a lot easier
to make smoke than it is fire though so
you know make doing making smoke is like
half the work
yeah but generally if you're gonna be
making smoke the same there's a fire
fire we put the wet that's maybe maybe
we've gone too far
with this metaphor I think we've gone
right to the kernel of truth here which
is about smoke and fire yeah it's way
too easy to create as this episodes
going off the edge regardless if okay so
it's set to summon up all the weird
thinking voices things you guys were
just doing it sounds like cody has an
ego and potentially have an afro don't
get along and there's there's that that
could be a contributing factor in what's
going on you could probably be sued for
slander right now Travis I don't say I
don't think that's true uh maybe it's
time to get our you in sports lawyer
speaking speaking huh I take out I know
one speaking of speaking of slander
maybe it's time to get some callers in
to the show mark do you I'll explain how
this works just explain it right how it
works and then pull into the calls if if
you don't need to do it yet mark you
have one job all right
I can't explain how this worked here
I'll judge this court
you do that part yeah it's okay buddy
okay yes you want to fire this slacker I
could I could probably do it I know I
don't cheer tears of that all right you
don't want to join the disk over that
Travis is spamming in the chat right now
once you get there's gonna be a text
channel in a voice Channel you're gonna
wanna join the voice Channel Club calls
or Club calls to once you're in there
you can kind of mute yourself and then
in the text channel of club topics you
can go ahead and post whatever it is
that you want to talk about please try
to give your opinion not just say I want
to talk about Cody son or I want to talk
about afro please say you know whatever
your actual thoughts are I think afros
actually not as if these egos in line
whatever it is put that in there if we
like your topic we will pull you into
the waiting room where you'll have to
wait till it's your turn when it's your
turn we'll do an audio check to make
sure you're good to go and then we'll
pull you into the on air and then we'll
talk about it yeah
turning mark up a little bit since I got
some feedback that he's a little low oh
I'm pretty far from my migraine pick it
up my friend I'll set it up once my cat
is what's be a topic as an aside it does
not guarantee you and it doesn't
necessarily put you in a priority queue
but if you are a twitch sub you can't
get access to the sub topics chat where
you can put your take in there it moves
a little slower so it gives you a little
bit of an advantage okay what do we do
we raise hands on this show no I have a
comment okay what's your comment I don't
expect you to ever hold back yes go for
go far I've seen in the chat a couple
people saying that I was late to this
show the time designated for this show
was 8 p.m. ish yeah that's true to tweet
is okay you cannot be late you cannot be
late for a p.m. ish what is what is late
for ish if it happened tomorrow it would
not be that hood up me late we could do
this we do this 20 at years from now Oh
yes yeah well I think I think you're
stretching there but I appreciate the
attempt all right so yeah if you're our
sub go ahead and put that in the
subtopics I'm going to shout out a
couple subs right now some some folks
folks who have soaked recently
Jeffster Hobbes - the Impaler Kermit
Sudoku so Duke Sudoku pseudocode what is
it sodoku thinking I'm pretty sure he's
feeling that buyer's remorse right it's
your boy
bold font except project creampie came
in with 5 months as a tier 2 sub I beat
Abbess Sione so brace up for five months
as well
Kazuko 1337 Shere Khan in a peph six one
nine I see Dom thank you for being subs
as we're climbing back up all right you
got a couple folks for us to talk to
mark yeah sure why don't you go yeah
let's investigate
Travis do we have a coffee machine no I
do have coffee boba colas sent ah coffee
but he did not send a coffee machine not
that he needs to but no I think it's not
you to grind that up that's great it's
already grinded it just we need the mesh
like oh you can then it's on you two
we're joined right now by toss Minh toss
Minh I believe you've been on the show
before am I am I correct on this I want
it was a couple weeks ago but yes okay
well welcome to the show I'm gonna turn
you down a little bit I thank you for
being a twitch sub by the way what would
or where you come from by the way
I'm calling from ottawa canada ottawa
canada canadian on the show what would
you like to talk about tonight all right
so i know you guys just finished talking
about this but everybody loves drama
it's the best part of all of watching na
so back to hundred thieves
I think hundred thieves is definitely
this season's breaking point they even
have the
handy documentary already going so they
could just stitch them together made by
the same editor who made breaking point
by the way gable I gave a quick Abe
release yeah it's like poetry it rhymes
yeah and Cody being subbed out isn't
that crazy
depending on what they wanted but they
had them deciding to leave Cody at home
kind of says there's a bit more of the
story and it's it's kind of sketchy a
little bit that they didn't even bring
them to the studio to even pretend he
could sub out yeah I don't understand
that seems like the strangest thing to
me is why leave him at home that was a
big likes from us when we heard about
that
because early on we're like oh there's
something out Cody stuff for a car so we
started like you know go through all the
stats you know try and come up with some
like super cool explanation here where
Polly's going next level know we're
giving coaches a lot of credit now yeah
after rote miracles exactly and then
halfway through the set our producer
comes in he's like hey Cody Suns not
even in the building story mark mark
drop that mark trout that he's like yeah
I've been looking around the studio I
would see them here so I don't know
what's going on there and like you get
like you could tell that like a million
people raced to write it to go into like
the thread about the games and they're
just like Cody said good for not in the
building what is going on
did you read cuz if you read his marker
and you did I think yeah mark is muted I
think it's just stay that way but I said
even better was Kobe was about to say
his Twitter post right yeah his Twitter
post where he's like I was told yeah my
team told me to watch the games from
home and be on standby to come to the
studio if they needed to some yen was
like ridiculous it's like 15 to be clear
though to be clear had they said had
they
said hey you know we're not fielding you
after the Mickey situation the week
before they might have been afraid he'd
just get out of plane and fly someplace
else he might just bail out so you gotta
say be on standby don't leave because
they'll just leave that's true
you should always specify what country
you should be in when you're employed
yeah by Steve that is actively playing
in the playoffs that's yeah yeah to the
caller's point I think toast men did you
say that you thought hunted thieves was
just like get cheese straight up is that
what you said uh yeah I said that
towards the end at like 100 thieves sort
of feels like a sketchy organ some
respects like the brand themselves an
eight-shot and that well what do you
mean but when you say sketchy it makes
me feel like they're not gonna like
sketches like they're not paying the
players or they're obviously all things
get to that point because there's like
actual money behind them you know I
don't think there's gonna be anything
legit a Huichol going on but I mean it
sounds like they're they my sense with
hundred thieves is that they're they're
run really well in every category except
for the PR standpoint around
moments like this right and that rather
than say anything they say nothing until
a player goes out and puts out like a
twit longer which you know we never once
anything into it longer form and then
and then everybody's just sort of like
speculating off of this weird thing that
a player set like that that that feels
like their flaw right and that they they
can they built a brand that's great they
built a winning team and Kobe's raising
his hand which I think Kofi I like the
first point that you brought up but then
like didn't go more on is like they
should have someone whose job it is to
prepare for situations like this right
because you're talking about the PR
person and announcements like this it
feels like with their reactions where
they'd rather just not say anything you
know it's kind of its kind of like
some of our reactions when you know
reddit is too hot or something we're
like oh it's too dangerous I just don't
want to you know interact at all but if
you're a team you know you always have
to have something ready first before
people will fill in if you don't have
anything ready when you make a change
that people will fill in stuff and
they'll usually fill in what they can
think of as the worst possible you know
reason so I agree with that one I think
that is an important part of it yeah
yeah yeah
Matt communication is a key part of like
building a what would you like Dyson
company sketchy because like I think
we're past the days of like the
legitimately sketchy ping and mousepad
yeah I don't think it's sketchy I think
it's just but is it is it sketchy in the
new context of like a franchise model no
I don't think so I think it's just they
they just are you know kelby use the
word incompetent last week I think in
this one area they are behaving acting a
little incompetent I don't I don't know
why because you would think like I have
a lot of respect for an eight-shot I
think he's done a lot with hundred teams
that you would think that given his time
in eSports and his time building
communities that he would have insight
into how to like message his stuff
appropriately interestingly by the way
on this topic
Cody sent a lot of people were linking a
tweet from Cody that said watching c9
TSM battle out and Game five makes me I
really appreciate the amount of blow I
hope our series is exciting that was at
7:30 9:00 p.m. in my interview with with
Poe Beltre he said that all this stuff
gets locked at 8:30 p.m. and they find
out at that time essentially so it's
fascinating to me these timelines
because I I wonder how late this was
decided you've got Cody Sanks at 7:40
that this is the case but then tal
finding out at 8:30 that he's not gonna
be playing it's just kind of weird
there's that as well as how PR savvy
Cody is because I don't think players
are generally that PR savvy I don't
think generally I think he just he was
probably getting a lot of messages that
are like hope everything's okay bud cuz
at first people were
thinking like there must have been some
sort of emergency right like mmm like
how like there are some relatively savvy
clever players who and I don't know if
Cody's one of them I don't know a person
well enough but he could have known
Saylor Kobe he was he was basically
saying you know like oh I'm really
excited to play tomorrow this and that
and then when he finds out that he's not
playing tomorrow people are kind of like
what happened he seemed so excited you
know and it kind of puts the onus more
on the organization so I don't know if
he's PR savvy or not I don't know Cody
at all but I'm just saying like it's
possible that he knew this move was
coming and he got ahead of the curve
better than but words I mean we're just
speculating to me this is not what has
happened this year every org should be a
hundred percent well aware that they
need to have some sort of explanation
for any change that they make when they
make it way before so that there's no
chance that the information is leaked
from some players Twitter from some
player you know talking to someone from
a different perspective when you decide
to make a change before you even make
that change once you've decided it you
should be like all right I'm talking to
my you know PR person or whatever we're
typing this up we're putting this out
there immediately so that there's no
question about the possible you know you
know motives behind you you should
control the narrative if you don't then
the worst possible ones are gonna come
out yeah and I mean I heard reapered
cloud9 you know they were very he was
like reapered said in his interview
afterwards he was he said yes I would
still make the changes this season that
I made but I would do it nicer and
that's to me is basically way of saying
you know he would do it with a lot
better communication you know to not not
just the players but also the fans the
one that stands out to me is the hundred
thieves meteos trade where like they
didn't have some
ready to go the day of that like when
they tell me do they prepared you know I
think that's that's not necessarily the
fault of the PR person either as much as
it gets put onto them like did the
coaching staff and management reach out
to the PR person to say this decision
was being made so that they could draft
something in coordination with them I
don't know either way I agree they like
a lot of the PR is often lagging behind
well anyway sir we've been kind of we're
all obviously coming out of a party so
we're all on a good mood toss Minh but
did you have I think we're still in a
party where we're in a party so we're
all in a good mood toss Minh do you uh
do you have anything you would elaborate
on do you have a take on this stuff a
little bit more than and what we've done
I don't want us to talk over you ah no
no I think that's basically right on
with the PR and all that yeah I think I
think the sketchy was a bit you know
flashy language but sure it's all
relative yeah yeah exactly
do you uh where are you any shoutouts
anything you'd say here at the end oh I
just want to say go echo fox when
gauntlet please for the love of God okay
so point me again thanks to us man have
a good one Oh kind of breaking up there
at the end thanks to you all right
well yeah I think we're we're plugging
away it is time everyone Coby you can
just be silent during all this maybe
that'd be pet for the best it is time
for me to discuss the the greatest
supporter we have of this show of this
program they've been supporting us for
quite some time now and that's owned by
HP I know twitch chat right now they
usually spam on the omen by HP stuff
mark is wearing their logo he needs to
get a little closer to the camera so we
can see the logo on the but he's wearing
their headset right now and you can see
that wonderful logo actually showed up
at me and Kobe's apartment though not
for Coby made sure he knew that here's
the keyboard their new keyboard the
sequencer
need to plug these in but wanted to be
able to show you guys show you guys that
they'd send us over this is the rector
so anyway thank you so much to omen for
supporting the show for supporting
eSports to do a ton of stuff including
overwatch league they sponsor steel G
they sponsor cloud9
they've done a whole lot of stuff I know
they wear it packs this past weekend
doing a some for tonight stuff I believe
it was and they've been doing a ton of
stuff in the space they support this
show and really it's a it's fantastic
that you guys have shown such support to
them I really appreciate your support as
I'm doing this ad I'm turning more and
more red omen right I guess that's the
way the camera wants to show me but if
you guys can if you want to it'd be
really great if you go throw them a
follow on Twitter if you use Twitter if
not then maybe you make an entirely new
Twitter account you follow one account
and that's the omen by HP account you
can tweet at them thank them for their
support if you're watching the YouTube
video you can link that in the
description it's they support both me
and mark that's right mark does actually
get paid to be on the show despite how
little work he puts into it
Coby he's a caster so he gets a ton of
that riot money he doesn't really need
any more of it and and also I you know
he he actually this is a true story
Kobe he negotiated me into a quarter IX
and he pays $5 rent on our apartment I
pay the rest of it it's it's a shocking
development the way it worked out I
don't know he negotiated really well
since you just said that I'm holding you
to that I'm really only playing $5 next
month that's I will that's so I think we
both will whenever we get a pair quit
notice on the front door Oh either way
probably won't happen you want to move
out probably won't happened because uh
all in by HP they helped pay me money
that I can use for my red sauce thank
you so you know what it's a support omen
yeah it's supported Travis so that I
only have to pay five dollars for rent
now on that's uh it's on camera I'm
gonna have to renegotiate my concert
with them if that's that's how we're
planning on moving forth anyway thank
you so much okay let's move on to
another caller mark if you want to go
hey wow those I will apply I'll shove it
that's that's what the marketing team at
omen is gonna say when they see it thank
you to Grand Master franker z NT 65
global Killa gifted a subdued address
who's at five months I think purely off
of gifts
dbl g99 light hammer g-dubs
a yuna the summoner chi read the light
Lord a lot of like World of Warcraft
names in it trance Jonathan the marimba
guy tin buster zero zero mother mango
and lengthy zimit for five months looks
like we got item level looks like we got
our next caller it's Zack uh how's it
going sec great where are you calling
from
I'm calling from New Orleans Louisiana
New Orleans
Kobe have you ever been in New Orleans I
have not but my brother and my mother
both thoroughly enjoy jazz and they go
to New Orleans quite often no well maybe
I'll should do like spring finals over
there so y'all can get shit-faced after
I'm definitely down pretty Kobe's go we
will approve that if he can thank you
for being a twitch sub by the way Zack
absolutely would you what do you want to
talk about on the show tonight well I
kind of think that a scene I will
handily BTL in the finals because team
liquids play style is super
one-dimensional and they have lack of
carry potential on the bot lane um yeah
so that's my main thing I like little
points right now I kind of um so like in
the last week of regular season when TSM
was painting liquid double it was a 100%
set to carry that game in my opinion and
they had very very good peel for him I
mean I look back and Holly was on Alice
our pub altar was on Gallio and Exmouth
he was on injuried which i think was
like super important to keep him alive
and I understand that bjergsen was on a
collie who is borderline broken right
now but uh I still think he should have
easily taken over that game especially
how far he put down yes in spot lane
yeah yeah so I think
that a cloud line will do better and TSM
and I think TSM played especially
exceptionally well in this Emmys a
hundred percent did not expect that from
him
I think they stepped up really hard just
you know Olli is in the chat right now
and he's expressing disappointment and
sadness he doesn't like this take this
is not the take for him this is just my
gold 5 analysis yeah well mark
and Kobe thoughts on this let's start
off let's start off with can well I
think I'm stomped here oleh is a beast
that's exactly what a party earlier
night Kobe so no but do you first off
let's start with can't will will we see
a c9 stomp in the finals against Team
Liquid oh really
yeah so it's kind of hard leading up to
these things so we do look at all the
games that both the teams have played
obviously leading up to this but we also
talked to a lot of the players as far as
which teams are still screaming to try
and get you know more inside info on
like you know what they're trying in
scrims or like how each team is doing
and a lot of people have been super
confident in a lot of different areas
for cloud 9 so that that does bode well
for them and like the color was pointing
out it was a long time ago so I already
forgot uh you know what his name is or
you were talking about but what's the
name it's it's done Zack you're in
discord open up discord he's right there
you got me opening Skype and I'm pretty
sure that installed a virus on my
computer so I probably lost I probably
just got key logged what were you saying
Zack brought up a good point because
some of the games for Team Liquid you
know they draft fully around doublelift
we had that interview with double F
where he's talking about he asks a lot
from his team and he's very grateful for
his team to play around him
if you're in that position though like
you need to be the main carry if he's
the Caixa among no other real damage
dealers on the team then yeah he should
be asking hey I need bomb in front of me
right now I need zillion all at this
time
hey I'm committing I'm not sure it's
hard to place the blame in those
situations where you're like well the
zillions should be communicating with
him that this is what I'm gonna owe you
so you can stay in now or this is when
my unbreakable is up so you can go
offensive now but those types of things
need to be worked out which you know
whichever person is doing the
communication if you have you know like
kind of kind of a narrow wind condition
so does that mean if c9s gonna stomp TTL
well I'm not saying maybe a 300 I would
moron 3 1 3 or anything yeah 3 3 1 c9 I
mean honestly if you look at pobelter is
his Chapel is wide but it's not it's not
like at a top tier as far as Jensen's
concerned well I mean is he gonna be
playing Jeff go to Glu yeah that's
another point because how can you really
prepare for their mid lane because we've
seen golden glue play like a Colin Hart
assassins in Academy or whatever he came
into uh whenever he came to the NA LCS
he was playing Orianna and other control
mages it's like you don't know what to
expect as you would expect Jensen to
play these flashy assassins and gold and
glue have other other abilities to bring
to the table but it seems like they're
interchangeable
I mean basically prepare me although if
it's easy to prepare but a basic comes
out of how exploitable he is and like
how repeatable that regular-season game
was between Team Liquid and c9 because
yeah they really blew up Co Belcher that
one time and I think they're ready for
it but if he's playing like Gallio and
two assassins and malzahar to other
stuff I may be like an Orianna of Rhys
maybe one other thing to round it out so
he pretty much choices champion
something generically strong like I
don't know how abusable pobelter is wait
we lost
Sam what your webcam turned off Oh
Skype yeah honey yeah that's hot so if I
minimize it the camera turns off okay
well don't minimize it I guess also is
my skype thing still honey cause it used
to be a troll picture of hooni uh it is
he's like laughing or going crazy yeah
yeah he's being whoo anyways I think a
lot of that serious comes down to how
exploitable that is because also how
much to sneak you lose the double
efficacy collect sneaky has some of the
worst laning stats but he's largely been
okay and playoffs and if they can kind
of do is to sneaky what they did to Cody
Arikara then that's really scary but if
they can't do that i I think c9 is in an
OK spot hmm yeah I can't fault you for
that opinion at all but you were saying
sorry you're saying Zack that you feel
like there's a carry issue yeah I kind
of do a very one-dimensional I mean how
often have we seen like pobelter just
completely take over a game or impact or
even X mithy I mean yes expenses
performances on kindred but I kind of
feel like Kendra's just a super strong
champion at this point so it might just
be the champion and not necessarily the
player I'm not saying anything bad about
these players because they're obviously
pros you just think they they have to
rely on Peter too much I feel that that
is an issue yeah but like you like their
single carry teams internationally that
are fine like RG yeah yeah so if if they
can be the NA equivalent of RNG which
basically means double if there's always
a head because he's better and your
other soul laners aren't so far behind
their holding double if back then you
kind of like but it I mean it is it is
fair to say that there is like a single
point of failure and I'm like what's
lining up and that is like an issue that
that teams can exploit and with cloud 9
looking so good in a lot of different
situations they have not just for good
players but seven good players if only
Golden Gardens oh then they they would
you'd see things
maybe a little different so I I see what
you mean because it is a lot of pressure
to put on on one man exact when's when's
the last time double is consistently
lost laning phase when he wasn't when he
wasn't on glad I don't know but I can't
tell you our team's gonna get good
enough and adapt and challenge that
strategy and figure out a way to like
shut him down maybe maybe I don't think
I think most people would agree that
double lift is the best bottom laner
in the whole league so I don't think a
lot of people are gonna try and contest
you on that point and say you know
double lift is no it's not the best ad
carry or whatever but I like the point
of trying to turn the lens to the other
yeah roles and specifically licorice
versus impact those four orang games
really gonna exploit impact Oh
I mean how many resources is doublelift
a cup from his team I remember in that
interview he says I want impact to save
his TP for bot Lane it might not be
exactly what he said but I think most
bot laners would say that oh yeah how
often like ladies like adapts and he
reacts better
so across mat plays I mean this is just
my byline really hang on really quickly
okay
Rachel from Mateos and the twitch chat
she says I have no volume but where's
Kobe shirt I could go get it right now
here we talked about this Rachel I
talked about that the game she has no
volume okay you go get to share it all
salt um to the licorice point I think
he's a better carry player than licorice
or uh excuse me impact and I would
normally be concerned if that was like
some place that they were going to
attack but everything we saw out of them
and semies was very much a mid and bot
lane focused game plan now that's not to
say they can't pivot away from it but
like seeing four games of Oran and one
on poppy or whatever it was of
Irish does not make me think like that's
scary as a TL like if you were a TL fan
like you're not gonna look at that and
be like oh man he's gonna play or so
well impacts gonna get shut down
cuz that's exactly what horn that's what
impact once ok can you really put that
on on licorice I mean that ah I don't
know how much of the draft yet input on
what he was playing oh I'm not I'm not
faulting him for that but I'm just
saying like looking strictly at the game
plan that c9 showed in semies as a TL
fan you would not be scared of the game
plan that they showed necessarily right
right that's what you're saying yeah
around top specifically right hey I feel
like okay yeah sorry good no good okay
yeah I just feel like c9 is very like
diverse in their play style yes I don't
think I don't know I don't think we need
to play Warren five times I don't agree
anything different yeah I just I can't
see I can't even tell what the
difference is between Jensen and blabber
compared to Gold glutens been there a
champ the champions they play I could
see each player playing them you know
yep so I just don't know what the
difference brings other than
communication we lost you again Mark
Kirk yeah coping if you minimize it it
really is I put it to the other screen
now as a fine oh I'm looking at the
stream it shows the who defacing I like
it
nice nice shirt Ede yeah hey well I
thank you so much Zack for the call no
problem thank you for having me yeah
have a good one we'll see how things
play out this week and thanks again for
being a sub - all right good night guys
yeah let's guys stop down for a second
my cat poops in the litter box and it
smells really bad
classic I don't know if I'll be able to
continue Travis let's going to do the
show yeah I'm gonna call it do you need
do you need to go here alright No thank
you everyone for joining us tonight on
hot line League Nemzek reset for twelve
twelve other this is the first 12 months
up I have seen one year Thank You nemcek
for being
one-year sub I've this is the first time
I think that's ever happened tier two
sub two so thank you for your support
your your subbing for - Wow
that's crazy I heart cheese ll subbed
leveller sobbed and TTP resub for two
months Gladius lips so for three global
monster Ryan Apollo's non-sarcastic
candy and real active and we've got
Chris on the show Chris with a what a
nondescript name yeah I know can't
remember what's that I've been here a
few times and just it seems like you
forgot that there wants okay well I Oh
Travis I don't care about anyone but
soos like a really strong statement to
make because I can't remember Chris
calling him before the second time but
not this time Chris welcome back to the
show it's great tower is here from you
remind the audience once more where
you're calling from Illinois
I'm calling from State College
Pennsylvania Oh
nice try I would have remembered that
for the record you didn't even remember
what the show was starting and you live
with me and I drove you home and said
the show started I remembered when the
show was starting it was 8 p.m. ish
Chris I was here at 8 p.m. is driving 8
p.m. ish I think 8:40 to that brain
there mark Chris thank you good I
apologize for my coasts what would you
like to talk about tonight I would like
to talk about how I think that a hundred
thieves problem during the series wasn't
actually Recaro though he was a problem
he wasn't the problem
the problem was their failures player on
Sunday sorry what was the last bit their
problem was their failure player on
Sunday as they slowly kept picking
pinkier and tankier chance for him
instead of carries so I would agree that
her car was not the problem
I don't know if they win that series
with Cody Sun in though it's still not a
good look to Lou
while bringing it you know obviously so
so actually you know I don't know Kobe
and and Mark do you guys think that her
car wasn't the problem would they have
one with with with Cody and and what do
you think of the idea of the someday
issue I don't think that they would have
one with Cody
but Riccar was a problem I don't think
you can lose Lane on average by like
anywhere between 15 and 50 CS and not be
considered a problem oh yeah it's not
that he wasn't a problem but it wasn't
the biggest problem for the team if you
look at the difference between a car and
Cody son I still think that it was with
Cody son whereas if they're able to play
on Sunday and a carry instead of just
putting on tanks they have a better
chance mm-hmm I'm trying to think it
over in my head because as far as I can
tell the problem with hundred thieves is
that they tend to play a very standard
style against a very good marksman
player who crushes your marksmen and
then will be more effective in a
standard front-to-back teamfight because
he's ahead in to your point you know
like if you had a top laner who could
smash and disrupt that which someday
seems to have the skill to do then maybe
that can offset the doublelift problem
but that doesn't change the fact that
they just have a vastly better marksman
and your marksmen so I'm a little on the
fence on either side here I don't know
if Kobe feels any different yeah I mean
so the reason why Team Liquid are such a
good standard team is a lot because of
what double has said in that video where
he asks a lot but his team is very
willing to play around him they have a
super good marksman they have basically
the best marksmen in our whole league
and impact for a top laner super good I
playing frontline tanks smithy as well
for the jungle is super good at playing
you know whatever
team needs as far as front line for the
jungle you know playmaking that sort of
thing
pobelter as the mid laner as well
everyone kind of tools their style
around this super standard you know
League of Legends team that plays maybe
it's a little bit outdated or at least
it was outdated when I bought lane
changes happened but around playing
protect the marksmen you know for the
bottom Lane they have the best marksmen
so it makes sense that it's very
difficult for any other team to play a
similar style to that and then beat them
and 100 thieves didn't you know have
some sort of super early game angle you
can go for them or like some echo fox
angle where you have some all-star
players right I guess I think the thing
I agree with would be like you know
maybe maybe someday right and that's
kind of the thing that people can latch
on to is that someday is an all-star
player and maybe you can could have had
him he'll pull some crazy stuff but
impact has kind of made a career on not
letting people style on him that heart
and being able to be a tank for his team
and being able to teamfight for his team
super well kobe whenever talking about
Team Liquid
you didn't mention holing I already said
at the beginning of the section that old
lay is a beast it's always still in the
chat probably not anymore after
otherwise well then we don't wait the
way of the way courier just treated him
I think he's probably he's probably gone
I'm always on the chat at oh he's still
in the chat okay yeah always is another
huge factor in so I was actually
thinking about Sunday and I might be
doubting myself because if you look at
last year at the Dignitas series in the
gauntlet was actually a similar thing
where Dignitas had been playing around
bot lane and then decided to try playing
around some day instead in the gauntlet
with no real word and just got like 300
I think CLG was it it was them or it was
c9 because it was immortals TSM c9 who
went so I think it was me I forget who
they lost you
yeah but like that was also his case
we're basically a team of someday who
I've been playing around they're
battling in a similar sort of style
decide to switch it up player on Sunday
and he got super far ahead and just
could never actually carry games but
that could also be a team thing
maybe someday actually can't carry Foley
in some games I don't know it's it to
your point it doesn't even feel like 100
thieves tried that approach in the
series like Game one with the blind GP
was the closest thing to like being like
someday Carius and then it works and
then from there they went further and
further from the subject carry gameplay
I mean the gnar was an honest attempt
but they didn't give him any in-game
resources and then from there they just
completely abandoned it felt like an
optimistic tank for his tank next two
times so like you know I would have
liked to have seen them say like yeah
Riccar is clearly not gonna be double if
let's go really hard in another lane and
then they didn't do that in games two
three and four but I still have to think
that their inability to match up with
their preferred play style in the bot
lane is a bigger problem than their
inability to switch place Isles to the
topside the best I take yeah well I
think that oh why don't you go ahead and
finish er your thought Chris cuz I know
we we've got a couple more colors and
we're we're wrapping up soon yeah maybe
something himself is in practice on this
footage style cuz on our game he was
also like pretty much a ramming for a
lot of the game when are supposed to be
splitting so that could also be an issue
yeah hey thanks so much Chris for Conan
sorry that I Chris thanks so much for
calling you I'm actually not sorry for
anything I'm alright Travis you should
apologize at the end of every single
caller that calls in an apology smoke
dog by the way mark you should stay for
the smoke dog reset for six months and I
love this this suggestion or this
comments with or sub 3:30 unholy DK
looking to join the NA LCS cooled smoke
dog already 3:30
yeah 3:30 is not wait what oh you know
I'm not in the NA LCS field I can't help
you dude actually Travis is the only one
that is I'm not any yeah bull penis mark
is joining them tomorrow right
I might joined tonight okay if I can I
need to talk to clay key you need to do
a server transfer yeah server transfer
sometimes take a bit so you should start
that earlier but oh you have people in
your na LCS people in your guild right
mark you should also buy a bunch of
stuff on your auction house so then when
you transfer you can sell for higher on
the Tekonsha auction houses because it's
good higher I think tanks lower Oh
are you like a high pop server cuz
usually low pop servers will sell for
less and you can buy Remus is full it's
like the one of the og roll I mean my
conscious is the fullest yeah Congress
is it has oh it is literally always been
peers are there so then everyone goes to
that server alright all I know is that
Emerald Dream is always like the full
thing this is full yeah so it's tight so
maybe it's about the same but Kobe you
have LCS pros in you're guilty right
yeah I wore low specifically yeah and a
bunch of our discord friends and then
Loyola has a bunch of brothers that have
all been gladiators to be a bad yeah
yeah like smite or something I don't
know yeah his brother is it was a world
champion in smite or maybe he was yeah I
in addition to twitch prime subs and
bits and all that stuff I also take gold
on tech Andris I have characters on the
lion so you get next dollar in hoard so
do you do you think I should stream Wow
or it will that like I don't think you
should access you don't dream I dream
yeah I think I think if you want to
build your stream you should stream
League yeah
but I I think if you stream lagging a
lot of wow I don't know cuz I actually
just I just worry that you're not gonna
get as high a viewer count but obably
was straying Wow and was getting like
several hundred people the other day I
just think about the thing about WoW is
that you can like talk to the stream the
time yeah that's true a back seal is
here a back seal where you calling from
I'm cotton from Rockville Maryland
okay that's such a professional disc is
that your picture and discordant do you
know what this is
come on Travis Charlie walk before I
went to the World Championship
we yeah wait we have met yeah he was uh
what were you keys at the time or pain I
mean I ain't easy yes yes okay okay okay
that's why cuz I know that guys we do
after I heard coach I looked at your
picture and I was like Brazil okay sorry
sorry sorry what uh what do you want to
call in or what sorry what do you want
to talk about saying well you want to
hear about TSM right I mean I don't want
to but I've noticed that always wants to
talk about I've noticed that there's
great people that crease when we talk
about to us oh all right so TSM lost the
Sammis because of two primary reasons
they weren't able to have Greg play
enough champions and because they
weren't using V Erickson's pressure
properly CSM want to play a style that
was isolate bought fight around
aggressive in the solo lanes the primary
way that is this was with Shen support
pretty easy way to do it right but once
you take away the Shen support you need
to do one of two things you need to
either put grig on a champion that can
force something aggressive in the solo
lanes like Olaf o Banda as well or you
need to do a pressure transfer where
you're gonna push up one lay and you're
going to allow that guy to rotate to
another Lane you should be doing this
kind of anyways but TSM don't do that
very well there were two times in the
playoffs we're actually on both
different sidelines where bjergsen would
push up mid and then because the side
lanes meet you know like eight seconds
later you you want to push up mid and
then you say okay side liner you're also
gonna play aggressive if the other guy
fights you back for this wave I'm going
to come in and kill him but then you see
both hot sore and Sven let the enemy
team just
push that wave as well and thus they're
in a bad position to fight that in the
side lane and even if they do when they
can't get something afterwards because
they let the enemy team killed the wave
so that's you know pressure transfers in
a nutshell at least from its the
sideline but Greg also um again you know
why didn't they put him on stuff like
Nocturne or kindred or something that
lets them play a little more
aggressively in the two visas to Shawn
does a good two versus two champion but
only encounter ganks you can't actually
do something aggressive with that and
you know I guess I want to hear from
Kobe or mark here is that that they have
tried these other champions with Greg
and just hasn't been successful or they
haven't been trying because you know
there's something confidence based going
on here so that's my take on TSM sure so
I'll think so yeah so Cobian and mark is
that sort of what do you think of that
explanation for the Lawson and is it a
Greg champion issue so I I don't think
it's Greg's fault about the champion
issue and it and then it comes down to
ours
it's always our speculation with why TSM
does the things that they do with their
junglers I know I know Greg as an
individual can play more champions right
he can play you know Dueling champions
he can't play how do you know or where
do you pull them so look you for sure
Greg had what was it he had like rank I
think it was ranked one maybe it was
just two but he had like multiple
accounts in top 50 at the same time and
both those accounts had a lot of the you
know so like you asked
damaged oriented junglers in them so I
like as an individual I am very
confident that he could play different
champions and so then it comes down to
it's it's so difficult schools we always
have to speculate right we have no
insight insight into
who on TSM you know maybe deciding what
sort of strategies they go for or why
they make the sort of choices that they
do but I think that as a player he could
pilot different champions if they
thought that was the best way for them
to win but they don't think as the
collective group that is the best way
for them to win with that and like when
we've seen the TSM Nocturne it hasn't
looked good we've seen a number of times
and like there would be like 19 minute
first Ultimates and like yes there are
instances we're holding your ultimate
can be the right play but it's it's just
not something that seems to work well
for them whether or not they give Greg
the tools to succeed on the Nocturne or
not it just doesn't seem to work out so
we've seen that I think a couple times
in the regular season and I wouldn't
want to see Greg on Nocturne after
seeing how much they underperformed with
it well they know the Weldon is on the
chat and he says kindred and Olaf herb
and basically every game Nocturne isn't
very good because you have to build a
whole comp so I think this is a weird
argument there were no carries left
aside from graves nocturnes fine but
people in na don't know how to play
Nocturne because nobody ever sidelines
with knocked it everyone just tries to
around at mid
so yeah Nocturne is quote bad as for
other champions there's also Gragas
Gragas is much better at forcing plays
on solo lanes then either sejuani
because that ARS presence pre 6 or
trundle because again you know can
either initiate the gank or counter gank
but they abandon Gragas after the first
game cuz I don't know because Brom is
really high priority but you can still
play grog ascend to Brom like that's
fine especially if again you want to
play into the solo lanes and away from
your body yeah they did have after that
revenge strategy like you said the first
game they banned the progress in the
second phase of bans and I think they
got exactly how they adapted their bans
there's one time they banned trundle an
are some I forget exactly also I would
say North America might have like the
highest priority on Nocturne possible of
the major regions
and I do think that there are a lot of
drawbacks to the champion as far as you
know later stages into the game and
having to do very specific things with
it so does make it a bit difficult but
you can no utilize them very effectively
if you're deciding everything for it
but I also don't think that TSM has
shown that there they've had a lot of
success with their attempts at
split-pushing they tried they tried
multiple times in the tiebreakers as
well as in the playoffs themselves well
you know a couple of different looks at
you know split pushing styles with Rhys
gnar and even right funny to me because
here's some were actually a decent side
landing team in 2016 and 2017 but now
despite having players that they think
have a better ideas on macro you know
namely mithy they seem to have regressed
a bit in that it's i mean III know
bjergsen knows how to sideline I made it
he's definitely good at it but they
don't seem confident in doing that like
bjergsen should be able to push up a
sideline and sure yeah I'm not saying
you have to play knock Jim let's say you
put playing Nocturne for the sake of
argument half the knocked him behind him
if they get they if they try to two
versus one on the rise then okay you
counter get the Nocturne you kill both
of them so on and so forth but they just
don't see me trying to do that nor are
they trying to transfer pressure in
laning phase like I talked about earlier
and so that confuses me a lot I think
the the transferring pressure thing is
turned for me because when Sven and
golden blue subbed in wife afterwards
they did an interview about when they
subbed in said one of the things we
noticed in the series is that they're
not playing for actively in the early
game so we can take graves and kind of
just try and pressure them wherever we
can because we don't think they'll make
their own play or trade pressure
properly and I think that was that was a
big part of when they came in was the
fact that they didn't feel scared of TSM
making their own place to punish
anything which is less about the jungle
pool and more about
team mindset for me I think yeah
actually if you want to give Reaper
credit for anything I would say looking
at both d9 Academy and cloud9 in this
series both of them seem to very
consistently always be in the bettors
position on trading cross map they
always seem to have you know the control
of two lanes and just win all the trades
they never seemed to lose em objective
trade at least you know against any
other na team so I'm very impressed with
that
yeah I think even even in Game five you
saw when TSM really broke down they
tried to go for trade in the top side
and just like lost a bunch of turrets
and turret damage as a result so that
stuff is a big it doesn't feel like TSM
as a whole team really leveled up very
much between quarters and semies and
they did get some wins against you know
an but it didn't feel like the
fundamentals of their team dramatically
improves or anything go back so thank
you so much for your call really
appreciate we have people in a twitch
chat by the way who wants you to coach
them okay I can follow me on Twitter
okay my themes are open there you go
thanks dude I really appreciate the
callin and sorry that I
I slipped my mind a little bit Naomi
these things I prompt thank you thank
you
I actually applied to cursor team my
favorite team look at this I think Bruce
turning into Team Liquid about up
coaching with us way way back in season
five so yeah doing it for a while yeah
watch it because he applied to us and
then he went in choosing I think he
chose to go to Brazil and he coached a
bunch of the top teams there and then I
think he was the TSM coach he made it to
Worlds he was there doing AI do with us
yeah and then I think he almost joined
TSM and didn't or did for a little bit
and then they parted ways or something I
forget good whatever thank you to
relapsed ik me kia six nine six or seven
hundred bits who by the way it's crazy
to me
mica 696 there's there's like 2400
people watching the show right now
twenty twenty-five hundred and make it
six nine six the only bit leader this is
the crazy
world we live in these days the undead
Titan resub for five months saddle
I am TX subbed smoke dog we are at extra
Turner zero eight eight sir cattle at
ten months people climbing up there
Pilgrim panda subbed commander donated
$5 and said 342 prot paladin on Tyco
horde waiting for my invite to the
roster ona illegal all by the way racin
Randi 83 X reserved for three months
hopefully you can afford another
doublelift interview yet corey flop 13
subbed and chip wheel with a sub boss
john ski has joined boss john ski where
you come from calling from Fargo North
Dakota well they did a show as well
right Tomic is gonna be okay just go
ahead do it
which answer worlds yes well TSM okay
TSM chancer worlds I know we just talked
about their c9 series basically in
general I thought their draft in game 5
was terrible considering they really had
no damage and they were just trying to
run at them as five the Greg has picked
seemed okay in Lane but then myth he'd
just do anything with it otherwise and
then how do they how do they
realistically get to worlds through the
gauntlet you want you have thoughts Coby
TSM makes world's I so we were talking a
lot about this trying to figure out what
teams we would want to represent us at
Worlds I think almost all people there
first two answers were cloud nine and
Team Liquid and then it's about which
team is gonna make it through the
gauntlet and which team you want to
represent you and
most of the answers were actually
between either TSM or echo fox and the
differences in those answers were the
people that were kind of shooting the
moon on echo fox and thinking all right
but what if you know honey and dark you
know hard carry do some crazy stuff at
Worlds and you know have these explosive
games and then the people for TSM were
mostly on the oh yeah but you know Bjork
sent back on assassins this is gonna be
the perfect thing for TSM they're you're
bringing it all together now the bottom
lines coming in lion just in time and
and all that sort of argument personally
I'm a little bit if I play in the
numbers game in the TSM side as far as
making it through rather than the echo
fox side but it's not it's definitely
not you know like a landslide victory or
anything and it's it's mostly due to
kind of the improvements of the rest of
the team and people are just really
getting hyped off of brixon back on
assassins he's actually hard carrying
he's actually doing super you know
proactive things around the map and
feeling really empowered in these games
in the interviews he's giving afterwards
or actually inspirational honestly with
with how he's looking at the game now so
I think that gave a lot of people more
confidence there but I also I can
definitely also be you know pretty happy
with you know who knee and RDoc on the
world stage she would see what they
actually have the way for me that TSM
make worlds is c9 wins the finals
because I don't think the TSM is gonna
be able to beat both echo Fox and c9 cuz
like that the echo Fox here there's a
fine game series that who Andy was
really sick for and I think you know if
it might go a different way if that was
a hundred percent honey and on the other
hand but the scene I'm serious is really
close but I actually seen I kind of
underperformed with blabber having a
really bad series so for me I actually
the best way for scene I had to make it
or for TSM to make it is for c9 to win
so they'll have to play them in the
gauntlet and instead it's a hundred
thieves in there and then I think it's a
lot simpler from there because I am
still not super convinced on TSM the
echo fox win was not convincing the c9
lost was a little concerning and I think
so
the c9 lost though if most people are
considering them best team in North
America and TSM did take them kind of
all the games what was like the super
concerning part to you about the loss
there I thought c9 when they were
playing like I thought bloggers had a
really bad first three games some some
were a little bit better but like the
Nocturne zillion game if I remember was
not great he was like one in four and
yeah he would go in pretty far away from
the rest of the team when they were
going on they were going on someone else
yeah yeah and I think what you saw with
golden blue and blabber was basically
like we don't need to play the hyper
aggressive style verse TSM because TSM
doesn't do anything so if Cena I'm win
against TSM in the gauntlet again I
would actually hope that they starts
when skerin and golden glue and say just
played that same control game that you
played in games four and five and take
that against them and I think that's a
much easier approach than like the more
aggressive style that blabber likes to
play and hoping that TSM plays in a
reactive style so with lab right they're
actually playing in to TSM strengths and
I think if c9 had to go through the
Goblin again and play them they would
then choose to just start strand scared
in gold igloo and that's that's my
concern and why i teii father TSM fan I
would not want to face you yeah yeah
well boss John ski what do you think oh
I totally agree I think the only thing
the only other question I had was kind
of alluding to the last topic of TSM
didn't want to play more proactive in
the to be to like playing a kindred for
example the Saint Kidron was banned
every game they first ban Kidron
themselves every game in that series
like is it a possibility where okay we
have side selection we picked blue side
we go for the kindred first pick because
like you they were first picked they
where first banning kindred even on blue
side so like is that something that they
can do or is it something where they're
just more comfortable playing Greg on
tanks I think they're more comfortable
playing Greg on tanks and I think
especially when they were against
blabber the like level that you're going
to get out of blabber on kindred is much
higher than the level you're going to
get at it Greg even though Greg is a
fine kindred I just mean like as that
how the two teams play and so for them
it was just like if C and I never does a
thing where they leave up actually were
they blue side three games in a row with
blabbering no tears almost blue side and
game free right so either way I think
that the the blue side on Game three is
just like if they leave up to things and
we power pick something else and kindred
fault to them is more concerning still
so maybe they can try and grab it if
it's if it's fence Karen in but then I'm
still concerned because I just I don't
think they play with a super well clutch
what clutch gaming well I just say that
twitch chat just wants people to send
them to Worlds oh that's the other thing
too yeah sure yeah why did you say that
[Laughter]
dude I guess technically there are only
three teams in gauntlet oh so good stuff
I like the show this is a good show
hotline yeah but I takes bus john ski
thank you so much for your calls yeah
thanks for having me guys have a good
one why the hell would you say that
Travis
all right next person uh flex K Lal 300
bits
Kobe can I take a picture with you on
Saturday mark see you - I don't want you
yeah okay well apparently hell yeah
crazy three and sixty three cent a
thousand bits and says wow this show is
so much better than a dive sotl kappa oh
thanks crazy cream sixty-three that's
very nice of you
the river st. sent five hundred bit
since this keep up the content i hope
you're getting meals I am getting meals
so it looks like crazy Korean 63 is
currently the bit leader I wonder if
anyone while we're talking to him Dadar
has gifted us up to a shutup freak
polonaise subbed and hi to has subbed
yeah that's that's Reaper twitch it cat
house yet how does how does Jack feel
about the shut up chat thing to see fine
it is that was funny okay I wonder if
he'll find it funny in a year from now
when people are still saying it so Hobbs
to is here how's it going humps - hello
I'm doing great
where you calling from I am calling from
Cary North Carolina Cary North Carolina
have you been on before no okay well I
have to I'm just gonna assume who
everybody has at this point twitch sub
so thank you for that
what do you want to talk about on the
show tonight I want to talk about how c9
can only bring six people to Worlds
despite having a seven man roster in
playoffs and I think everyone agrees
that Jensen sneaky licorice ins days are
going to worlds matter what and so the
you know the decision has to be between
bladders they're two of blabber fan and
golden glue and I think what most people
are going to say is they're going to say
bring Spence curtain and blabber because
people will say that Jenson can play
everything so it it doesn't really like
matter like the like the main reason you
would bring both golden glue and Sven is
further synergy not really for any
champion pool issues and blabber is the
biggest question mark as to whether
he'll crack on you know crack and crack
due to the pressure or whatever
and so having spent is like a a reliable
backup would make the most sense but III
want to entertain the idea of bringing
span and golden glue and so having Sven
is the only jungler and having golden
glue as the backup for Jensen because I
think that there is a chance that the
value of having the synergy between Sven
and golden glue is more than having
blabbered like at all because I think
it's really likely that blabber will
crack under the pressure because I
didn't really like what I saw and the
difference TSM and it might be too early
to say this and we might get more
information in the tl series but I think
that having the synergy between span and
golden glue with Jensen also there makes
more sense than bringing span and
blabber so the interesting question cuz
I like well first do we know cloud
Dinah's making it to Worlds this is
under the assumption that they do
yeah I'm just assuming they are because
if they don't then Wow not gonna do so
great wait if cloud 9 doesn't make it
Kobe you think any it's not gonna do
great I gotta be honest every year I get
hyped for worlds for na even when
everyone's just trash talking us to a
hard core this year it has been the most
difficult to to reignite the hype for
worlds but it you know it's starting to
get there the the center the ember is
cloud nine right now
not Team Liquid not necessarily I mean I
feel like there's just the the same sort
of fire just kind of isn't there for for
the Team Liquid you know squad right now
yeah it wasn't yeah yeah
yeah I'm like okay you know see I was
last place at one point in time this
split so I think that to see you nice
credit like part of the reason why
there's more hype around cloud 9 is they
made this epic run from last place to
second place and so you're like oh hell
yeah
cloud guy let's go let's go Conn eyes
the one or right but they put themselves
in last place first to begin with right
so like they they put themselves down
there to have this epic run so it also
is kind of a seesaw there but as far as
the question I Travis derailed us that's
his fault yeah I blame bad host it was
that one bad host I we were also
discussing this a lot because we also
you know assumed that cloud 9 was gonna
get to Worlds and in talking to so many
of the players with you know how
positive they are in golden glue I feel
like for sure golden glue will go with
them to Worlds and then the default that
most people think that will be along
with golden glue is like the other start
you know Jensen and blabber which was
kind of the the default starters or
whatever but I kind of like this wrinkle
of maybe spin scared because he's much
more I mean he just has more experience
right he's been to Worlds multiple times
and blabber when blabber was put on the
team Reaper talked about part of the
reason they were they hadn't put on one
team earlier is because they thought he
was a little bit immature and he would
rush into a lot of situations that then
turned out to be one of his strengths
for the team in regular season in North
America though so it makes that super
hard because looking at he black alright
worlds experience spend for sure but
then you know it turned out that blabber
being aggressive was actually a boon so
you're saying that most people think c9
would bring golden glue and blabber and
drop spend at home I would think that
but then the extra experience for spend
at world
is a pretty good argument except for the
fact that yo blabber being you know
extra aggressive and having that rookie
you know kind of fire and taking a lot
of risks might be something that they
really want at worlds because if you go
to worlds you want to be the team that
has gotten the furthest that North
America has ever gotten I feel like that
is a really good opportunity for every
team when they go to Worlds
because North America has not gotten
that far everybody's like oh we're gonna
be the one oh we're going all the way to
like semis or something right and in
order to do that people are more willing
to take the the riskier guy I feel like
rather than alright you know spend he
has a world's experience he spent there
a bunch of times but how far did he get
every time yeah yeah it's weird I feel
like blabber is between blabber and
Golding which feel like the two guys are
actually debating about bringing it does
feel like blabber is the more erratic
one this split which is crazy to say
after like the long history we've had
with Golding little but he's been super
good contracts on Nal yes tonight it was
talking about how like Goldie Lou feels
like faker right now like he wins the
lane but you can't gank him and he's
like super good team fights and stuff so
yeah it's hard to see them not tangle in
the glue after all the hype that's
around him I feel like he's being far
more celebrated than blabber and yeah I
think I think that ultimately comes down
to it's like there's so much hype around
golden glue and how good he's doing one
thing I've been seeing a lot of social
media is that people people just kind of
assume people will just assume that
that's van and blunt I were going to go
together with with Jensen because having
like I said earlier having spent as a
backup incase blabber like you know
turbo feeds or whatever ah against like
the other world class junglers then you
know having like Sven as a safe backup
and then people are saying that :
glue-like champion pool shouldn't be an
issue for Jensen because it's you know
it's Jensen right so I think it's
interesting that you guys are saying
that like golden glow is kind of the
assume so between blabbers van and
coating
like are you guys saying that coating
glue is the like pursuant person that
will definitely go up between those
three I think both of us were saying it
sounds like more behind this and stuff
it feels like it would be fan and cold
and glue because I don't think you can
take blabber as your sole jungler with
the amount of experience yes 100% agree
with that so if you're taking blabber
you have to take spend but if you want
golden glue then you have to take
blabbers so or I'm assuming it's bad and
I think even though there's not
necessarily distinguishable like
champion pool things necessarily between
the two mm-hmm I still think from how
much hype we've heard about Golding we
recently he he feels like a better
player to bring is there a different
value between them in the best of one
part of the worlds between say like a
playoff series or not a playoff series
but like the the quarter-final series
like would you rather have say two
junglers to like you know have one
jungler on the bench looking at the map
in case something goes bad versus maybe
just like the stability of having the
best possible roster for the best of one
games I was gonna say for me
historically especially all the Korean
teams have always opted to take extra
junglers and I feel like jungle is such
a good position just in isolation to be
able to swap in and out not simply
because you get to look at the map but
because coming in without any biases as
a jungler really helps you you know plan
a different route without a lot of
influence from from the previous game
and then allow the enemy jungler in the
early game to have that much influence
on you so in isolation
I like the jungler thing but considering
these players I kind of still would
stick with what Mark originally said
yeah I think like I see bigger
differences between blabbers play style
and fens play style and so like if
you're speaking strictly about who can
bring a more different look it does feel
like we're talking junglers but if
you're talking about
who will be more useful it does feel
like Golding we've just based off all
the hype and how much people are talking
about yeah hey thanks so much Hobbs 2
for the call of course thanks for having
me yeah have a good one all right two
more callers I'm getting tired
wake up Kobe hi two subs a spherical man
subbed Marv to five eight six go see
nine seven months nine hair pinecones
Dwyane Wade lol dat arse gifted a sub -
shut up Kobe a great name holla back
gray tiles one sub Thank You girls one
opt is here opt how you doing well
what's going on ma'am good just playing
the shadow World of Warcraft you have
been on the show before yes I have
that's how I thought where you calling
from again I am New Jersey so last time
I called it was the College of New
Jersey if you remember yeah
I'm graduated now done with that whole
deal so yeah finished up now it's just
regular New Jersey I'm sure grats on
your graduation
it is amazing we've been doing the show
for such a short time but people have
graduated you know they've gone to
college graduated from college mark Z
looks like he's about to fall out of his
picture more time to do some world quest
Congrats tomorrow's a big day boys old
gear comes out you guys better be ready
yeah Kobe's getting ready for it right
now I think I'm gonna do that breaks my
heart to hear that yeah three-eighths my
all right well I don't want you to say
your you're a thing with Kobe being gone
there's a great moment right before you
joined for him to get up to go get water
but maybe you know we'll just keep we'll
keep learning about you what what class
do you play so I've played I played
everything for a while but this
expansion I'm gonna I'm doing the rest
of driven so I'm at 3:47 item-level
right now so pretty high oh yeah the
worst expansion to have picked breast
surgery
are you also resto druid no no I just I
mean I followed wow this is usually
broken and now they'll actually know
worst it's been in god knows how long
and it was totally a force I thought it
was good the numbers to name was gonna
go back in our favor it hasn't yet it's
just gone in the favor of miss Weaver
monks it's not like my heart is breaking
right now like I'm so upset because I'm
doing like my big thing is I'm doing
mythic Plus very like seriously this
expansion so a resto druid was like the
end all be all but now it's like we kind
of like fall to the wayside two
paladin's and monks and it kind of sucks
hurts a little bit yeah what uh what
faction
so I'm horde I Travis I think about my
friends list man I'm pretty sure you are
really yeah us or yeah you're like yeah
yeah I think I have you ever okay so you
say if you carry me I think I think I
offered that one so I was just like I
think I hit you up I was like what are
you doing you're like play me yeah you
were play with Peter I think you said
yeah yeah sounds about right
why don't we just start Coby can
hopefully Colby's getting back any
minute
sure sure sure yeah absolutely yeah I
can get into it um so my topic is I
wanted to kind of go into the golden
blue situation I'm a little more
in-depth and kind of why I think he's
stepping up to the plate now and how
it's actually a product of coaching oh
is that Kobe yes hey what's going on man
I doing pretty good buddy
welcome to the show what's your topic
grind in the game already unlocked dude
you haven't unless you played the last
expansion like it's it's actually the I
hate to say it's the best it's ever been
and that's astounding for me to say but
that's the product of me playing Legion
it was a night it was a big eyes maybe
we can move on all right I like to talk
about League of Legends on this show why
I have a pirate tape I have a tape I
think that golden glue he stepped up and
I think it's been a product of coaching
I think that's what
I think Reapers involvement with gold
and glue like you can see there's a
thread on reddit right now about what
golden glue on what it's like to be
coached by reapered and it's a great
discussion on just like reapered maybe
was able to finally unlock that raw
talent what's your take opt that that's
a great take Travis but let me interrupt
you because I got a plug Roman by HP
okay good
all right so yeah yeah you pretty much I
hit the nail on the head with that one I
think it was a product of not only the
coaching but actually the situation as a
whole to help to alleviate his nerves
with over the which ultimately led to
his success while the situation with
Team Liquid I think ultimately like
doomed him so to speak so I'll kind of
go through my reasons for that obviously
so when he was on Team Liquid two major
things happen that would seriously hurt
somebody who has a problem with nerves
the first one is really obvious I think
we all figure it out but the team sucked
so you're kinda he's a little bit doomed
from the start and one of the worst
things you could do to a player who is
trying to gain confidence is what I'm in
a situation where he will more than
likely lose and as is the case with
league a lot of the times he'll probably
also be scapegoated at the same time and
this kind of happened in a pretty big
way he got benched multiple times in
this process which added insane pressure
to every time he got a start obviously
being a huge negative for somebody who
has nerve issues and this second one the
second point with Team Liquid was
something that I felt thought was
completely ridiculous
Travis actually something you played a
part in believe it or not so no so it
was in the interviews the interviews
were amazing if you actually watch
interviews from both Steve himself and
the coaching staff they would outright
say things like yeah golden glue just
can't make it happen on the stage we
don't know what his problem is he just
you know he they don't really say but
they're all Tamilian flying like the kid
chokes and we don't know how to fix it
which is something that if you're golden
glue and you're hearing that interview
you're like what the what the is
that like what the hell is this like
imagine what that does to hear your
owner and your coaching staff actually
saying those things well you say that
but I remember people were meme tweeting
a meeting about a tweet that
Golding glue yeah we believe in golden
glue I remember that too and then I
remember like one of the first weeks he
was supposed to start it's like last
minute like five minutes before like
they're about the shows about to go on
it's like golden glue isn't gonna be
playing and I'm like and then I remember
your interview and Steve literally
outright said he was like we just don't
know what the deal is with this kid and
like I feel like you can't say that I
mean I feel like you shouldn't say that
like obviously he's not wrong by any
stretch of the imagination that being
said when you're dealing with a kid
who's issue is obviously nerves
obviously you can perform in scrims you
went to Korea and did really well there
he comes back and or you know produced
was before but you know he couldn't make
it happen obviously there's only one
thing there and it's gonna be nerves
right that's it's I think it's a pretty
obvious thing and you don't really want
to be saying stuff like that if the kids
got nerve issues I think sure so let's
flip the script over to the c9 thing and
why I think he did really well yeah just
give him a bridge version if you can
because they we got a good replica rock
and roll through it yeah so I think the
main thing is the pressure was not
really on him when Jensen got benched
everyone's thinking oh my god no one was
thinking rather oh my god golden blue
better step up no one really said that
no one which will be thinking it they
were too busy flaming the coaching staff
to really kind of come up with that this
alleviated obviously the pressure since
everyone wrote off c9 as a whole
pretty much when the benching of sneaky
smoothy and Jensen came out and
obviously that leads to a really easy
premise to understand if you kind of
expect nothing all you can do is really
impress and it's much easier to perform
it it's a lot less you know
nerve-racking also by putting in him
over someone like Jensen it really makes
the kid think hey these people must
actually believe in me which I viously
helps quite a bit and when rebored got
flamed to the nth degree for putting in
going blue Keith and Jaisal he was
really really adamant his belief that he
believed in the players and he lived and
died with his decision there which is
something that never happened
really I think on Team Liquid and that's
that's what that's it so I mean I agree
with the the pressure thing that you're
talking about how like on c9 there's so
much more story line around the fact
that all these c9 started we're getting
pulled out and stuff like that then it
goli whoo being the starter whereas like
as soon as TL announced their roster
that was the lure low
reignover piglet and stuff they're like
oh we have gold and blue is our mid
laner so I can agree with that outside
of that I don't know if that alone I
don't know what explains his his young I
don't know what either because like I I
hear that and I agree with that point
but he's also been in relatively low
pressure situations before and hasn't
come through you also said that on Team
Liquid they were a team that was losing
and it was a bad team that was one of
the reasons he had pressure on him there
but people thought cloud 9 was a really
bad team and he was replacing like an
all-star player he should have had a lot
of pressure there as well
what do you last over Kobe what are you
laughing at Kobe huh I say anything bro
you were he had a lot of reactions to
everything anyway
eating a breakfast burrito at 10:30 p.m.
is that why you're laughing you're like
holy I'm so funny and having
breakfast for dinner oh okay sorry well
yeah it does feel like you know it's
hard to pinpoint why it happened here
and in this situation because I think he
has but relatively similar situations
before where it hasn't happened and even
to that point when he did initially sub
in the team was still losing but he was
individually playing very well before
he's been on losing teams where he was
the substitute like teammate or some
things I'm thinking correctly and he
wasn't like crushing it then so I'm
wondering if it was he really
legitimately significantly improved ever
since like 2015 when I think it was
beerus and talked him up a lot about
being like this awesome scrim god and he
liked playing golden blue because he
challenged him the most and scrims and
stuff like that ever since then we've
kind of been waiting for this guy to
show up on on the actual CS stage and it
never happened so I would like to say it
was like all coach
or the environment was really different
this time around and maybe it was on the
outside I actually really do have a hard
point hard time pinpointing what I think
it is but I mean would that not like if
all that you just said is true
you like can't like isn't what's left
that it has to just be nerves I mean
like why else would you not be able to
translate performance under the stage
why I think it's always been nerves I
just don't know why whose nerves better
now or something because like you said
he subbed in he's replacing someone and
there's not that much yes I think I
think I look at the teammate situation
if I'm remembering correctly and I'm
like that wasn't crazy high-pressure
necessarily I guess with the threat of
relegation maybe that's what increase
the pressure significantly but like
right I actually I'm not convinced of
that well I think it was more or less I
think in my opinion it was just that you
know Team Liquid was is is one of these
like old yard teams and when they're not
doing well it's it's you know whether or
not there's anything necessarily on the
line there's always this is Team Liquid
they shouldn't be almost dead last they
shouldn't be going to relegation and I
feel like that kind of is what makes the
the pressure whether there is actual
pressure or anything on the line or not
so to speak that's a little bit of a
grab I suppose but I don't know to one
of your other points you know I kind of
think of it like I think that the
pressure thing is is is actually really
big or that there's a big discrepancy
because when when everybody writes you
off like as soon as they announced this
this roster with with c9 everybody was
just like this is this team sucks like
they're this is this is come this is
what what the seasons will wash I mean
you saw the c9 subreddit it was a
disaster right everyone like was
up in arms and flames and I feel like it
was that kind of overall thing you know
that big event that made everybody
write-off c9 and kind of gave way you
know made a low pressure situation for
Golding lieu where it's like you know
whatever like no one expects anything
anyway everyone thinks that the season
is gonna be a wash I may as well go in
here and just do what I do right
I don't think that he was like oh my
gosh like this is this is my time to
shine I think that he was more in there
just saying okay you know I got this is
you know this is a decent opportunity no
one's really you know expecting us to
absolutely come out and blow it out of
the park but then when he started
performing well it makes me think oh the
reason that he was performing well was
because the lack of pressure sort of and
and the combined with the belief in him
to start over Jensen was like you know
it makes me think that that definitely
played a part you know yeah
Kobe at the end here do you have
anything that you would say I gotta be
honest I wasn't paying attention I think
you guys up thank you so much for the
call absolutely hey get your get your
item levels up boys tomorrow's a big day
like I said I'm ready I'm ready I'm all
set man I'm pumped up mythic-class up
bright and early then it's a raid all a
good percentage thanks oft oh yes yes
okay all right we've got one last caller
to go
I didn't mic check I just pulled him in
okay go Oh mark is running a little fast
and loose now a headache I wanna drink
some water and the physic you need some
food like Kobe that looks good
there's like you've been on the show
before right no no you your name is so
familiar maybe see you in chat Allah oh
wait you've literally never seen an
episode of hotline league before today
YouTube okay well I don't know why
you're so familiar what were you calling
from
wit up Winnipeg Canada
okay another Canadian what do you want
to talk about tonight my take was GSM
having week year is healthy for a
franchising and it allows new teams to
get full foothold in the market and then
maybe this a SM love/hate bandwagon
follow me stop Kobe and I were talking
about this the other day is it better to
have TSM underperform and perhaps you
lose some some League fans because they
just are less interested than anything
else yes right now because there
diehard to get some fans or is it better
because you have a hundred thieves and
echo fox they're sorry by the way if you
can't get a little bit closer to your
mic that would be good I turned you up
to 200 percent but for those that didn't
hear him or if he was a little light
that take was basically TSM having a
rough year is better for franchising
because it allows some of these newer
teams to get some of their fans and sort
of build their own brands and narratives
I don't know Kobe mark any thoughts I
think there's like a sweet spot between
TSM sucking ntam threatening for the
title but coming up short and I think we
probably came a little under what I
would hope out of TSM in a situation
where we're trying to develop new fan
bases or whatever but at least they did
make playoffs both times and stuff like
that so it wasn't like TSM completely
died but overall I can understand the
sentiment I also don't think that the
teams that came in other than hundred
thieves made a legitimate effort to get
fans away from them so I don't know if
they capitalized very effectively on
TSM's week season I think Erica Fox even
if they did before three years
they don't count
go ahead Travis it looks like you're
talking about I hear that your voice but
are you watching the stream instead of
Skype cuz it's gonna look like I'm
talking their kisses over the delay no
I've watched Skype - okay well I had my
mouth closed either way continue or Sam
yeah I continue me thank you very much
good set up by our marquee boy oh I I
think and I agree with Mark actually
most of the TSM fans that are you know
leaving TSM are picked up by Team Liquid
because they're just transferring
through the double lift route or cloud9
and they're not being picked up by a lot
of the new teams 100 thieves as he said
was probably the
franchise team that picked up the most
with nature and they cool jerseys and
aphromoo and meteos but then you know
the let go medius and then it started to
get a little dicey for them so I feel
like while it is kind of interesting for
some of the fans because TSM just
dominated everyone right they had by far
the most it's interesting to have them
you know some fans go different places
but I don't think it's you know really
worth it because I think a decent amount
of fans that were TSM fans are just done
completely right they're like ah well I
guess you know I'm just not gonna pay
attention this year and you know come
back next year or something which kind
of sucks rather than having them
actually go to a new team and put effort
into a new team and you know follow us
closely yeah I mean like when optic and
fly quests we're kind of battling with
TSM about whether or not they make
playoffs like TSM is putting out content
like you can see behind the scenes how
they are all or that are all arguing and
then you just don't see anything out of
these two new organs that are like
battling them for the playoff spot so
it's like how the are they supposed
to pick up new fans when ugly is memeing
objects for not putting out content and
optic puts out a mean video and response
and it's like okay that's funny but
where's your actual content kind of the
podcast thing what they do or whatever I
don't know yeah but I do think even if
they aren't putting out content there
are people who will just move to them if
they are winning I think optic probably
picked up some fans from interviews and
from their gameplay I don't know I think
clutch similarly but and I think hundred
thieves probably really grew a lot and
even if you want to dismiss like the
echo fox thing I think even in a world
where echo fox yes
echo fox has been here for years mark
but this was a true year for them to
really like put a stake in the ground
they performed well they have some
really popular players they you don't
see so much week they could be any look
they got some popular
no but I think Italy I think a lot of
TSM fans did go to echo fox I think echo
fox 100 threes probably split them of
the fans that didn't go to TL yes yes so
of the fans it's influencial
I think hundred thieves and echo fox
kind of picked or probably two teams to
pick them up but I don't think echo fox
made an effort yeah what'd they do they
got an eyes on that riot made for him
they did like they did some cool stuff
like the the jerseys at Miami were neat
I'll give them that
Miami was cool that one weekend out of
the 18 that we've had at least yeah yeah
all right well any other thoughts to our
dear friend physic or from our dear
friend physic physic any thoughts thank
you thank you very polite call
appreciate have a good night Bo a shout
out to Papa smithy who's on the chat dad
RIS gifted him a sub thanks Papa Smith
you for stopping by glitter kitty see
Lonnie ADA a Danny little car and debtor
skipped us up to R Apple well gents the
one thing I want to ask you guys really
quickly about which we didn't talk about
my episode is finals is this weekend
mark thoughts on finals coming up we got
a c9 Team Liquid really close I think
yellows the favorite provided pobelter
doesn't get booty blasting but if that's
gonna be a consistent problem in the
series I like c9 more okay mark oh where
did Barca I'm right here Kobe okay word
for Kobe hey he's still alive yeah my
thoughts on finals yes hmm with the
people that I've been talking to it
sounds like cloud9 should be favored in
the finals even though
teamliquid coming in with the top spot
so I'm super excited because one of the
reasons that people are saying where
they're so scared of cloud 9 is that
they can run so many different random
combinations of Champions and strategies
and be successful with them so I want to
see that variation I want to see that
depth in a best-of-five series and I
want to see Team Liquid push them to
actually needing that many strategies I
wanna push them or Oren games yeah
exactly I'm like all right we got
licorice on Ord great what else let me
see the depth guys I think it's gonna be
super high fine Cui's to me are for sure
our two best teams I don't want to see
them just go all out yeah yeah I think
in the past 48 hours I've switched over
to to think that cloud 9 is super
favorite even though huh you would think
like everything else says Team Liquid
because they've had such a good split
and they're coming in but yeah it seems
like c9 is really scary so it'll be
interesting to see how things turn out
mark any shoutouts plugs anything you
would say here at the end of the episode
we only see the cat now it's got a chair
sponsor what's that way yeah all your
sponsors out there who wanna follow my
Twitter I should be I'll be in Oakland
so you should be your like I should be
in Oakland you know we need you for some
things mark might be on some things
oh really I might be on some things more
than a single thing more than a desk
oh let's let's not get out of yourself
there buddy
whoa are you gonna do another silver
scrapes rendition opening the show
so cute well Kovas bark Coby he's got
brain soup going on Coby ain't shallots
plugs anything yeah I stream on COPI on
twists no you don't you had Coby on
twitch you know stream on it I
will god that's about it buddy
no you've got another well be sure you
tune in to the dive which is happening
live hopefully on Thursday in Auckland
that's Coby show oh by the way we're
selling tickets to that so the doll - I
waited at the link oh I'll tweet at the
link again okay yeah we're supposed to
do that and I think tickets are still
available for finals and third and
fourth true well come see the finals as
well as the diver and you guys are doing
something on third of the you guys are
there's a show match with the a bunch of
streamers that lolis sports tweeted out
skaara and cutie pie and a bunch of
people that's happening on the third and
fourth place matchday sounds great maybe
I can get on one of the teams yes oh it
sounds like me more sounds like they
have I don't know there's it's Yasuo
voyboy
I'm a cutie pie scar and shifter that
doesn't sound like ten people so I
wonder if I can get in there yeah well
how if you think who's their jungler
domine I mean who is their jungler Arad
come visit other it was it was skaara
and shifter we're alternating you know
who I was mid and Irish was top and QT
was cutie so I have jungled versus SCARA
and cutie pie I think cutie pie is a
better jungler force that's it that's
the I stood on only grazer on everything
everything Oh everything
oh well anyway I'm gonna hang out on
stream for a little bit thank you so
much to Kobe for coming on
he was so prompt with his 8 p.m. ish and
it's just nice to work with such a
professional and also to call that
professional my roommate
I think you were know what I might have
to up my price for next uh you know
appearance $0 - but if it's $5 you can
cover rent with that so thank you thank
you Marcus always really appreciate it
and that is episode what Kobe or he hung
up this is episode you say goodbye yeah
I well I have to wrapping the show with
a nice topic or this is an episode 43 of
my line link thanks for watching guys
look at that hoodie picture does anyone
remember where that came from